Sprint 3 Reflection (DZNT)

Below are reflections from each member:

1) Haikal: Overall, I think the team had to overcome a huge hurdle in figuring out how github worked as well as how to mesh together separately-worked-on components into one whole project. The team was able to
implement the separate classes they were assigned in a timely manner. However, uploading them to github without major issues took longer. We were able to understand the workflow with github and we hope future 
sprints are smoother. Our process was to work on classes separately, meet up in person, then figure out how to mesh them all. In the future, I think the team should meet up more often to more easily connect
components.

2)Akmal: It was very confusing for us to use GitHub at first. A lot of problems occurred while trying to push the branch. 
However, we got it done eventually. My groupmates definitely helped me a lot by giving feedback, ideas, and solutions to 
an issue I was facing. I love how we held a group every Friday evening to finalize everything before submitting the work. 
Working alongside Dengchen and Haikal while making projectiles for enemies and players is like a smooth sail for me. I am able to synchronize accordingly with them.

3)Beal: We continued our previous work smoothly as all the members have gotten used to using GitHub. All of us finished the work quikcly and spent the rest of the time to combine and fixed the bugs or wrong implemenatation. All group members are responsive and easy to have a meeting.

4)Dengchen: We spent a lot time on how to deal with the github pulling, pushing and so on, but finally we get uesd to it. It is really nice to work with these energetic people. We always first work individually and then meet together in person to do the finishing touches, which is very efficient. We still have some functions for our game to change after we viewing the result of our work so far, but we are very confidence that we can make it. Let's go DZNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

5)Nathan: I think every one on this team is great. They all are smart guys who know how to socialize and communicate when we need help with anything. Everyone is willing to help anyone with a question or struggle 
and it feels we are all working well together because of this. We all struggled with github for the most part I believe and everything else has been at least good or ok.

6)Kyrie; Great team chemistry and they all cooperate really well. The only problem is no one have experience on using github so there's problem on merging all the code together. They had done pretty good works on the code and project overall and we communicate really well on what should be done next. The thing that we should look to imporve more is to have a better understanding on using github as there were several confusion caused by terms like merge,rebase etc. 
